# About Me

<img src="/img/profile.png" alt="" style="width: 300px; float: left;
margin-right: 20px;"/>

[Benjamin
Daniels](https://scholar.google.com/citations?user=bExwzN4AAAAJ&hl=en)
(<a rel="me" href="https://econtwitter.net/@bbdaniels">üêò</a>)
is a Research Fellow in the gui<sup>2</sup>de group at [Georgetown
University](https://gui2de.georgetown.edu). Benjamin‚Äôs research focuses
on the delivery of high-quality primary health care in developing
contexts. His work on data from India, Kenya, South Africa, China, and
other locations has highlighted the importance of direct measurement of
health care provider knowledge, effort, and practice. He has supported
some the largest research studies to date utilizing clinical vignettes,
provider observation, and standardized patients. Benjamin is a member of
the [QuTUB Project](https://www.qutubproject.org/) team.

Benjamin also works with [DIME
Analytics](https://www.worldbank.org/en/research/dime/data-and-analytics) to
improve the reproducibility, transparency, and credibility of
development research. This work comprises code and process development,
research personnel training, and direct support for data analysis and
survey development. These tools include software products like
[`iefieldkit`](http://worldbank.github.io/ietoolkit/) and
[`ietoolkit`](http://worldbank.github.io/ietoolkit/), research resources
like the [DIME Wiki](http://dimewiki.worldbank.org) and the [Development
Research in
Practice](https://openknowledge.worldbank.org/handle/10986/35594) data
handbook.

Benjamin's academic work can be found on [Google
Scholar](https://scholar.google.com/citations?user=bExwzN4AAAAJ&hl=en).
His Stata code can be found on SSC, on
[GitHub](https://github.com/bbdaniels/), or on the sidebar links.
